1379341646
AddColumnsToUsers	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831013143_add_columns_to_users.rb	class AddColumnsToUsers 
AddUserimageToUsers	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831021636_add_userimage_to_users.rb	class AddUserimageToUsers 
Application	/home/love/rails/notice1/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Asset	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/models/ckeditor/asset.rb	class Ckeditor::Asset 
AttachmentFile	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/models/ckeditor/attachment_file.rb	class Ckeditor::AttachmentFile 
BrowsingTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CkeditorAttachmentFileUploader	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/uploaders/ckeditor_attachment_file_uploader.rb	class CkeditorAttachmentFileUploader 
CkeditorPictureUploader	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/uploaders/ckeditor_picture_uploader.rb	class CkeditorPictureUploader 
Condolence	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/models/condolence.rb	class Condolence 
CondolenceTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/unit/condolence_test.rb	class CondolenceTest 
CondolencesController	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/condolences_controller.rb	class CondolencesController 
CondolencesControllerTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/functional/condolences_controller_test.rb	class CondolencesControllerTest 
CondolencesHelper	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/helpers/condolences_helper.rb	module CondolencesHelper
CondolencesHelperTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/unit/helpers/condolences_helper_test.rb	class CondolencesHelperTest 
CreateCkeditorAssets	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831114149_create_ckeditor_assets.rb	class CreateCkeditorAssets 
CreateCondolences	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831114156_create_condolences.rb	class CreateCondolences 
CreateHistories	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831114154_create_histories.rb	class CreateHistories 
CreateMemories	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831114155_create_memories.rb	class CreateMemories 
CreateNoticeDisplays	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831114151_create_notice_displays.rb	class CreateNoticeDisplays 
CreateNoticeEventContacts	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831114153_create_notice_event_contacts.rb	class CreateNoticeEventContacts 
CreateNoticeEventPlaces	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831114152_create_notice_event_places.rb	class CreateNoticeEventPlaces 
CreateOrbituarysites	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831114150_create_orbituarysites.rb	class CreateOrbituarysites 
CreateOrbiturerShareImages	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831114157_create_orbiturer_share_images.rb	class CreateOrbiturerShareImages 
CreateTimelines	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130915022118_create_timelines.rb	class CreateTimelines 
DeviseCreateUsers	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831012520_devise_create_users.rb	class DeviseCreateUsers 
DeviseCreateViews	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831012519_devise_create_views.rb	class DeviseCreateViews 
HistoriesController	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/histories_controller.rb	class HistoriesController 
HistoriesControllerTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/functional/histories_controller_test.rb	class HistoriesControllerTest 
HistoriesHelper	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/helpers/histories_helper.rb	module HistoriesHelper
HistoriesHelperTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/unit/helpers/histories_helper_test.rb	class HistoriesHelperTest 
History	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/models/history.rb	class History 
HistoryTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/unit/history_test.rb	class HistoryTest 
HomeController	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	class HomeController 
HomeControllerTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/functional/home_controller_test.rb	class HomeControllerTest 
HomeHelper	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/helpers/home_helper.rb	module HomeHelper
HomeHelperTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/unit/helpers/home_helper_test.rb	class HomeHelperTest 
MemoriesController	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/memories_controller.rb	class MemoriesController 
MemoriesControllerTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/functional/memories_controller_test.rb	class MemoriesControllerTest 
MemoriesHelper	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/helpers/memories_helper.rb	module MemoriesHelper
MemoriesHelperTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/unit/helpers/memories_helper_test.rb	class MemoriesHelperTest 
Memory	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/models/memory.rb	class Memory 
MemoryTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/unit/memory_test.rb	class MemoryTest 
Notice	/home/love/rails/notice1/config/application.rb	module Notice
NoticeDisplay	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/models/notice_display.rb	class NoticeDisplay 
NoticeDisplayTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/unit/notice_display_test.rb	class NoticeDisplayTest 
NoticeDisplaysController	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/notice_displays_controller.rb	class NoticeDisplaysController 
NoticeDisplaysControllerTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/functional/notice_displays_controller_test.rb	class NoticeDisplaysControllerTest 
NoticeDisplaysHelper	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/helpers/notice_displays_helper.rb	module NoticeDisplaysHelper
NoticeDisplaysHelperTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/unit/helpers/notice_displays_helper_test.rb	class NoticeDisplaysHelperTest 
NoticeEventContact	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/models/notice_event_contact.rb	class NoticeEventContact 
NoticeEventContactTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/unit/notice_event_contact_test.rb	class NoticeEventContactTest 
NoticeEventContactsController	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/notice_event_contacts_controller.rb	class NoticeEventContactsController 
NoticeEventContactsControllerTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/functional/notice_event_contacts_controller_test.rb	class NoticeEventContactsControllerTest 
NoticeEventContactsHelper	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/helpers/notice_event_contacts_helper.rb	module NoticeEventContactsHelper
NoticeEventContactsHelperTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/unit/helpers/notice_event_contacts_helper_test.rb	class NoticeEventContactsHelperTest 
NoticeEventPlace	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/models/notice_event_place.rb	class NoticeEventPlace 
NoticeEventPlaceTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/unit/notice_event_place_test.rb	class NoticeEventPlaceTest 
NoticeEventPlacesController	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/notice_event_places_controller.rb	class NoticeEventPlacesController 
NoticeEventPlacesControllerTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/functional/notice_event_places_controller_test.rb	class NoticeEventPlacesControllerTest 
NoticeEventPlacesHelper	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/helpers/notice_event_places_helper.rb	module NoticeEventPlacesHelper
NoticeEventPlacesHelperTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/unit/helpers/notice_event_places_helper_test.rb	class NoticeEventPlacesHelperTest 
OmniauthCallbacksController	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/users/omniauth_callbacks_controller.rb	class Users::OmniauthCallbacksController 
Orbituarysite	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/models/orbituarysite.rb	class Orbituarysite 
OrbituarysiteTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/unit/orbituarysite_test.rb	class OrbituarysiteTest 
OrbituarysitesController	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/orbituarysites_controller.rb	class OrbituarysitesController 
OrbituarysitesControllerTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/functional/orbituarysites_controller_test.rb	class OrbituarysitesControllerTest 
OrbituarysitesHelper	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/helpers/orbituarysites_helper.rb	module OrbituarysitesHelper
OrbituarysitesHelperTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/unit/helpers/orbituarysites_helper_test.rb	class OrbituarysitesHelperTest 
OrbiturerShareImage	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/models/orbiturer_share_image.rb	class OrbiturerShareImage 
OrbiturerShareImageTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/unit/orbiturer_share_image_test.rb	class OrbiturerShareImageTest 
OrbiturerShareImagesController	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/orbiturer_share_images_controller.rb	class OrbiturerShareImagesController 
OrbiturerShareImagesControllerTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/functional/orbiturer_share_images_controller_test.rb	class OrbiturerShareImagesControllerTest 
OrbiturerShareImagesHelper	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/helpers/orbiturer_share_images_helper.rb	module OrbiturerShareImagesHelper
OrbiturerShareImagesHelperTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/unit/helpers/orbiturer_share_images_helper_test.rb	class OrbiturerShareImagesHelperTest 
OrbiturerShareImagesUploader	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/uploaders/orbiturer_share_images_uploader.rb	class OrbiturerShareImagesUploader 
OrbiturerUploader	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/uploaders/orbiturer_uploader.rb	class OrbiturerUploader 
Picture	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/models/ckeditor/picture.rb	class Ckeditor::Picture 
TestCase	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
Timeline	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/models/timeline.rb	class Timeline 
TimelineTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/unit/timeline_test.rb	class TimelineTest 
TimelinesController	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/timelines_controller.rb	class TimelinesController 
TimelinesControllerTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/functional/timelines_controller_test.rb	class TimelinesControllerTest 
TimelinesHelper	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/helpers/timelines_helper.rb	module TimelinesHelper
TimelinesHelperTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/unit/helpers/timelines_helper_test.rb	class TimelinesHelperTest 
UTCDate	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/assets/javascripts/bootstrap-datepicker.js	function UTCDate()
UTCToday	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/assets/javascripts/bootstrap-datepicker.js	function UTCToday()
User	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
UserimageUploader	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/uploaders/userimage_uploader.rb	class UserimageUploader 
View	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/models/view.rb	class View 
ViewTest	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/unit/view_test.rb	class ViewTest 
address	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/models/notice_event_place.rb	  def address
change	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831114156_create_condolences.rb	  def change
change	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831012519_devise_create_views.rb	  def change
change	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831114155_create_memories.rb	  def change
change	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831114153_create_notice_event_contacts.rb	  def change
change	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831012520_devise_create_users.rb	  def change
change	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831114152_create_notice_event_places.rb	  def change
change	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831114154_create_histories.rb	  def change
change	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831021636_add_userimage_to_users.rb	  def change
change	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831114151_create_notice_displays.rb	  def change
change	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831013143_add_columns_to_users.rb	  def change
change	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831114157_create_orbiturer_share_images.rb	  def change
change	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831114150_create_orbituarysites.rb	  def change
change	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130915022118_create_timelines.rb	  def change
create	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/condolences_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/histories_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/orbiturer_share_images_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/notice_event_contacts_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/memories_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/notice_displays_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/notice_event_places_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/timelines_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/orbituarysites_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/condolences_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/histories_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/orbiturer_share_images_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/notice_event_contacts_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/memories_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/notice_displays_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/notice_event_places_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/timelines_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/orbituarysites_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831114149_create_ckeditor_assets.rb	  def self.down
edit	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/condolences_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/histories_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/orbiturer_share_images_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/notice_event_contacts_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/memories_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/notice_displays_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/notice_event_places_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/timelines_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/orbituarysites_controller.rb	  def edit
extension_white_list	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/uploaders/ckeditor_picture_uploader.rb	  def extension_white_list
extension_white_list	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/uploaders/ckeditor_attachment_file_uploader.rb	  def extension_white_list
facebook	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/users/omniauth_callbacks_controller.rb	  def facebook
find_for_facebook_oauth	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/models/user.rb	  def self.find_for_facebook_oauth(auth, signed_in_resource=nil)
find_for_google_oauth2	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/models/user.rb	def self.find_for_google_oauth2(access_token, signed_in_resource=nil)
find_for_twitter_oauth	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/models/user.rb	def self.find_for_twitter_oauth(auth, signed_in_resource=nil)
gmaps4rails_address	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/models/notice_event_place.rb	  def gmaps4rails_address
google_oauth2	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/users/omniauth_callbacks_controller.rb	    def google_oauth2
index	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/condolences_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/histories_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/orbiturer_share_images_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/notice_event_contacts_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/memories_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/notice_displays_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/notice_event_places_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/timelines_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/orbituarysites_controller.rb	  def index
new	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/condolences_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/histories_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/orbiturer_share_images_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/notice_event_contacts_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/memories_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/notice_displays_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/notice_event_places_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/timelines_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/orbituarysites_controller.rb	  def new
new_with_session	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/models/user.rb	  def self.new_with_session(params, session)
opts_from_el	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/assets/javascripts/bootstrap-datepicker.js	function opts_from_el(el, prefix)
opts_from_locale	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/assets/javascripts/bootstrap-datepicker.js	function opts_from_locale(lang)
show	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/condolences_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/histories_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/orbiturer_share_images_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/notice_event_contacts_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/memories_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/notice_displays_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/notice_event_places_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/timelines_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/orbituarysites_controller.rb	  def show
stamp	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/uploaders/orbiturer_uploader.rb	  def stamp(color)
store_dir	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/uploaders/orbiturer_uploader.rb	  def store_dir
store_dir	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/uploaders/ckeditor_picture_uploader.rb	  def store_dir
store_dir	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/uploaders/ckeditor_attachment_file_uploader.rb	  def store_dir
store_dir	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/uploaders/userimage_uploader.rb	  def store_dir
store_dir	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/uploaders/orbiturer_share_images_uploader.rb	  def store_dir
test_homepage	/home/love/rails/notice1/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
timeline	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/timelines_controller.rb	  def timeline
twitter	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/users/omniauth_callbacks_controller.rb	    def twitter
up	/home/love/rails/notice1/db/migrate/20130831114149_create_ckeditor_assets.rb	  def self.up
update	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/condolences_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/histories_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/orbiturer_share_images_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/notice_event_contacts_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/memories_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/notice_displays_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/notice_event_places_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/timelines_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/controllers/orbituarysites_controller.rb	  def update
url_content	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/models/ckeditor/picture.rb	  def url_content
url_thumb	/home/love/rails/notice1/app/models/ckeditor/attachment_file.rb	  def url_thumb
